---
title: "Privacy"
date: 2025-05-21
---

Privacy??? What does this word truly mean?? The definition of "Privacy" states to "be left alone", "control information about others or yourself", "seclude oneself", "maintain 
secrecy". The key concept im getting to, is not Privacy a right? But if a privacy is a right to each and everyone of us, why do all these billion dollar corporations violate
our rights? For instance, yesterday by 12am, I had a total of 7,000+ tracking attempts. But why are these companies breaking federal laws to invade our devices? How can we tell if
they are attempting to track us, or use our data?

First, to ensure our privacy there are several steps we can take to help accomplish this. Now these steps, are nothing like what you would think. However in this day and age, 
we have to take extra precautiond to ensure our privacy is held.
1. DuckduckGO: This should be a must have, on every single system. You can have this on almost every "IOT" device. It ranges from a mobile store app, to a browser extension.
   To ensure you recieve DuckduckGO's full protection change your search engine status to ensure DuckduckGo is your new search engine. Most browsers will use their own seach engine.
   You can change these in your Browser's setting.
2. VPN: A "VPN" is also a must-have for every device. A VPN helps maskj your devices true identity. There are hundreds of different options from Free to Paid. Ensure the "VPN"
   of your choice covers every aspect of your system. TOR is a excellent choice to run in the background for any "Linux" system.
3. Proxies: There are tons of products that offer proxying capabilties. A "Proxy" is a server that acts as a intermediary inbetween your connections. Depening on your "system",
   && "VPN", you can enable a proxy before or after your moch identity.
4. Moch User-Agents: Customizing your "User-Agents" is a essential way to throw off any attacker. You can customise these through a variety of different ways. Dev Tool's is my
   preferred choice. You can access this through your "Developer Settings". Also their are custom tool's in most play stores, that will allow you to change your "User-Agent".
5. HoneyBee Decoys: This is similar to a proxy. However you puropsely use target servers to moch your true location. Anddroid devices also offer this capability through your
   "Developer Settings."
6. Settings: Ensure that all data logging, connections, ads, etc are all turned off. Screenshot these finalised settings. Reason Being, if you ever go to Civil Court or Federal
   Court for a law suit, having a Paper Trail is the most important part in your case. You must have proof.
7. There are numerous ways, to ensure your privacy. This is a quick Blog, on some possible avenues to help protect your identity and priavcy.

~~~~~How can we tell if we are being tracked???~~~~~~~
1. Logs
2. Intrusion Detection systems
3. SEIM Tool's
4. DuckduckGO offers a page, to where you can view your attackers/trackers
5. Monitor yopur Network for unusual activity, and new connections.
   Best if you always know what is in your house. Log down all of your devices, and info to ensure you know what is really yours.
6. Custom Codes: We can create codes to watch and monitor every endpoint for new connections. You can do this remotely, and have outside networks monitor your "Network".
7. Turn off Third-Party Cookies.
8. Turn off Browser History
9.  Use incgonito mode.
10. There are a variety of new tool's created on a "Daily" basis. Keeping-Informed is one of the best ways to stay ahead of any attacker.  
   
